---
title: "My Baby"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - Nightmare
---

I open my eyes to this bright light right above my face. I can’t feel my arms, my legs, not even my face. I look around and realize that I am strapped to a bed. There is this ECG machine constantly beeping and I am in this dimly lit, horrible smelling room, which looks like to be in an old abandoned building. The strange thing is that I don’t remember anything, not even my name.

All of a sudden I hear footsteps coming my way. I start to panic, and while I try to force my way out of the these straps on my arms and legs, the footsteps start to get louder, the ECG machine is beeping faster, and it is getting hard to breathe, my vision is getting blurry and the last thing I see is a girl rushing towards me just before I faint.

I wake up again, and it seems like only a couple of minutes after I fainted. There is this girl standing right next to the bed. “Do you know who I am ?” I asked. “I am sorry, but we couldn’t find any ID on you”, she replied, "Can you try to stand up and come with me, there was a lady with you in the car, and she is severely injured”, she added.

I am dizzy and I can't understand what's happening right now and I don't know what to say. I don’t even know myself let alone remember who was in a car with me. But I was curious to see if she is someone I remember. I stand up and without asking any more questions I follow her. I follow her through a dark corridor and strangely enough all the doors are locked and there is no-one else except us two. I thought maybe I hurt my head and I wasn't seeing right, but even then I am pretty sure that this building might very old and abandoned. She stopped just before a door above which “Operation Theatre” is written in red letters with a see through window to the inside.

“You can go in now, the Doctor is waiting for you” she said. I open the door and step inside. It is a dark room with a single bulb glowing at the center of the room. Just below that bulb is an operating bed on which a pregnant woman is lying unconscious. Her face seems familiar but I just can't remember who she is. While I am struggling with my memory a person appears from the dark and stops just beside the operating table. He is wearing a lab coat and a surgical mask. “She is going to die” he said. “Her child is only 5 months old in the womb, but I can still save the baby” he added. “But I will need your help with that”.

“How can I help?” I asked. “You'll know soon” the doc said, and turned on all the lights of the room. The room looks like a master bedroom with a lot of hospital equipment. "Go lie down there", he pointed me to a bed just adjacent to one the woman is lying lifeless on. I lay down next to her. "This will make you sleep", he said hooking me to a drip and within seconds my eyes felt heavy and I lost consciousness.

I wake up again very dizzy. I am strapped to numerous sensors, but this time something feels different but I can’t pinpoint it. I look
beside me and I can see that the woman isn't lying there anymore. I can't feel my legs and when I try to look down at my legs, the view is blocked by a big bulge protruding from my stomach. There is long stich going vertically down my chest over my bulging stomach.

“I have transplanted the baby in you, the vitals are okay now” the doc said. I can’t believe him, not even my own eyes. I can't comprehend what just happened until I feel the kick in my stomach and it all becomes REAL.

The doctor leaves the room.

Lights go out.
